# Pasta Server scripts

?> Type `pasta-help` to show contextual help and print all available commands.


## Docker

### `docker-clean` [ROOT] 

Shortcut to `docker system prune -a`, useful to clean all docker unused elements

!> Be careful if you have docker volumes used by any image. All Pasta application and Projects does not have docker volumes by default.

### `docker-restart` [ROOT]

Useful to restart a dockerized application or project ( need to have a `docker-compose.yaml` file in current directory )

Will run in the current directory :
- `docker compose down`
- `docker compose up -d`
- `docker compose compose logs --follow`

?> Hit `ctrl + c` to close logs and keep containers running


## Proxy

### Reload nginx config [ROOT]
```bash
proxy-reload
```

?> TCP connexions will be kept opened.

### Restart proxy containers [ROOT]

```bash
proxy-restart
```

!> All TCP connexions with clients will be closed.

### HTTP passwords [ROOT]

Create, edit or remove HTTP password for a specific hosted domain.

```bash
proxy-password <branch> <domain?> <login:password?>
```

?> Omit `login:password` parameter to remove password.


## Projects

### List all existing projects [ROOT]

```bash
project-list
```

### Create a new project workspace [ROOT]

```bash
project-create <project?>
```

> After project creation, a deploy key will be given.

!> Only share this key to people working on the project ! 

### Archive a project [ROOT]

Will stop every running branch and remove all built data.
`data/` and `keys/` directories will be archived to `/root/archives/$projectName-$data.tar.gz` 

```bash
project-archive <project?>
```

### Show private project key [ROOT]

```bash
project-show-key  <project?>
```

### Revoke project key [ROOT]

You can revoke and create a new deploy key for an existing project.

```bash
project-revoke-key <project?>
```

[//]: # (### Clean deployed builds of a branch)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (Stop all running containers of this project that are not linked to a branch anymore.)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (```bash)

[//]: # (project-branch-clean <project?> <branch?>)

[//]: # (```)

[//]: # ()
[//]: # (> Run it if you have 2 containers for the same branch &#40; content is behaving weirdly for example &#41;)

### Remove deployed branch of a project

Stop a running branch and remove built files.

```bash
project-branch-remove <project?> <branch?>
```

> This will keep shared `data/` directory

### Restart containers of a project and branch

```bash
project-branch-restart <project?> <branch?>
```

> Restart containers in this branch and project.


## File transfer

### Download file with iterm2

```bash
iterm-download <file>
```

### Rsync download

Will generate a command to run on your machine, to download file from the server.

```bash
rsync-download <file>
```

> By default, override is disabled !

### Rsync upload


```bash
rsync-upload <file>
```

> By default, override is disabled !

## Upgrade

### Update Pasta Server [ROOT]

Update Pasta Server and optionally update Docker

```bash
pasta-upgrade
```


## Tools

### Lazy docker [ROOT]

Open console to manage running docker containers.

```bash
lazydocker
```

### Resources usage

Open console to see resources usage and hot

```bash
htop
```

### Linux tools
`ls` is improved with colors and shortcuts :
- `l`
- `ll`
