# Pasta Server scripts


?> Type `pasta-help` to show contextual help and print all available commands.

## Tools

### Lazy docker

Open console to manage running docker containers.

```bash
lazydocker
```

### Resources usage

Open console to see resources usage and hot

```bash
htop
```

## Docker

### `docker-clean`

Shortcut to `docker system prune -a`, useful to clean all docker unused elements

!> Be careful if you have docker volumes used by any image. All Pasta application and Projects does not have docker volumes by default.

### `docker-restart`

Useful to restart a dockerized application or project ( need to have a `docker-compose.yaml` file in current directory )

Will run in the current directory :
- `docker compose down`
- `docker compose up -d`
- `docker compose compose logs --follow`

?> Hit `ctrl + c` to close logs and keep containers running


## Proxy

### Reload nginx config
```bash
proxy-reload
```

?> TCP connexions will be kept opened.

### Restart proxy containers

```bash
proxy-restart
```

!> All TCP connexions with clients will be closed.

### HTTP passwords

Create, edit or remove HTTP password for a specific hosted domain.

```bash
proxy-password <branch> <domain?> <login:password?>
```

?> Omit `login:password` parameter to remove password.


## Projects

### List all existing projects

```bash
project-list
```

### Create a new project workspace

```bash
project-create <project?>
```

> After project creation, a deploy key will be given.

!> Only share this key to people working on the project ! 

### Archive a project

Will stop every running branch and remove all built data.
`data/` and `keys/` directories will be archived to `/root/archives/$projectName-$data.tar.gz` 

```bash
project-archive <project?>
```


### Project clean

Stop all running containers of this project that are not linked to a branch anymore.

```bash
project-clean <project> <branch>
```

> Run it if you have 2 containers for the same branch ( content is behaving weirdly for example )

### Project remove branch 

Stop a running branch and remove built data.

```bash
project-remove-branch <project> <branch>
```

> Will keep `data/` directory


## File transfer

### Download file with iterm2

```bash
iterm-download <file>
```

### Rsync download

Will generate a command to run on your machine, to download file from the server.

```bash
rsync-download <file>
```

> By default, override is disabled !

### Rsync upload


```bash
rsync-upload <file>
```

> By default, override is disabled !
